Life continues.

It always en always will be, if anything conciousness is what changes by expanding en retracting.

This is shortcut to reconnect with loved ones, this shortcut is more of an extract to longer path of this which can take years or even longer.

If you have trouble look in text [ Ancient ] as it should have more requirements or extra inspiration after all this is a shortcut that deeply lay on emotional intensity of the connection between parties involved, also its not that the shortcut don't work because emotions are not enough but that the internal or external interfere is too much or too strong to overwhelm effect of emotion this technique is enchoring on as such I recommend looking though text in [ANCIENT] for anything to use especially those about belief/experince/expectation management or something like that.

Reconnecting with Those Who Have Passed

To reconnect with loved ones who have crossed into the spiritual world is simple. The challenge lies not in the act, but in your ability to truly believe and feel.

Reconnecting with Those Who Have Passed

To reconnect with loved ones who have crossed into the spiritual world is simple. The challenge lies not in the act, but in your ability to truly believe and feel.


Reconnecting with Those Who Have Passed

To reconnect with loved ones who have crossed into the spiritual world is simple. The challenge lies not in the act, but in your ability to truly believe and feel.

1. Believe completely
Accept without doubt that your loved one is still alive — just existing in a different place, which I call the spirit world.
Others may call it heaven, hell, or something else — but these are only names for the same destination. What people call heaven and hell are not fixed places, but states of experience — one of comfort, one of discomfort. Both can exist in the same realm.


2. Remember them vividly
Think of them often, especially in moments of quiet.
Focus on pleasant memories and moments of warmth.
Imagine them in their best and happiest form — or simply allow them to appear as they believe is their best. Avoid forcing an image upon them; instead, see them as they wish to be seen.


3. Yearn deeply
Let your heart truly desire reunion.
Feel the wish to see them, speak with them, or simply know they are well.
Your yearning should be pure — not for your own comfort, but for their peace.
When your desire is sincere enough that you would give up all you are just to know they are safe, the connection begins to form.


4. Focus on them, not yourself
This connection is built on love and concern, not possession.
Feel your emotions honestly — don’t suppress or analyze them away.
Let the feeling of care guide you. Even one second of true presence between you and them is enough.




---

This passage was originally intended for those who have lost someone very close — because in deep grief, the human mind and spirit naturally open to dimensions beyond the physical. That state of openness acts as a bridge.
But anyone can use this method with patience and sincerity. Once the first connection is made, it becomes easier every time — sometimes even happening naturally in sleep or stillness.


---



++++++++



To reconnect with those who have moved to spirit world is very simple:

1. Believe with no doubt that they are alive and kicking somewhere, in this case for now I will call the somewhere to be (spirit world). Others will call it heaven, some hell, etc,etc different names same destination.

As far as heaven or hell or the idea and definition of them is concerned, things are not exactly as such (atleast from my observations and experiences which are almost daily), this is because in heaven you also find hell, they are both just definition of two opposite experiences, one is of bliss the other of discomfort and both those can be experienced in (spirit world) by all beings of all types (i would have like to include “and of all ages”, but age exist on physical world only en its pointless like 99.999% of everything else in world), obviously theres more to this experiences, but Book Of Human Way is not meant to mention them in detail as they have no effect in the goal of the book.


2. Think of them all the time always, I recommend you only remember pleasent things en endulge in the momeries. Also I recommend you remember them in their best appearance or just imagine how their best appearance would have been like en take it as so, just dont get caught up in it, also allow you to see them on how they think its their best state as they will show up so at times hence dont impose your will on them just see them.


3. Yearn with all your being and existant to meet them again en chat or do things together. Your feelings should be intense enough that you are willing to sacrifise your existance and spirit just for that one chance to say “Are you okay, are you being treated well.”


4. Remember, its not about you, its about them, en your worry en concern of them. As such dont run away from your feelings, feel them, think of them day en night, have the need to just once to see them even just at a distance or for a second. This is important.




---

This book is initially intended specifically for people who have lost someone they are very very close to. There are many things going on in mental state of such an individual that en some of those things make them be in a state that allows them to overcome many of obstacles that they would have to deal with step by step in this now time en age to enter spirit world while still walking physicall world.

Basically this is a shortcut, book Path of Master would explain in details as to the why and how, but irrespective this instructions applies to anyone its just that some will have slighlty more obstacles to figure out en overcome compared to others, but things will get easier as many people start exploring spirit world en share their experiences and solutions, besides you only need to get there once en it will get easier next time until you wont have to do anything en will just pop in everytme you sleep or sometimes when you close your eyes in dark.

